feat: add identity wallet documentation. (#2)
Open-Attestation/documentation-website: docs/component/identity-wallet.md

sidebar_label: Identity Mobile App
---

> OA provides it's own mobile application to view, store and share Verifiable Document and Transferable Records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OA provides its own mobile application to view, store and share Verifiable Documents and Transferable Records.
```

Author: done

## Installation

For the moment, the application is not available on Apple store or Android store. You will need to run it through [Expo](https://expo.io/).

> 1. Download Expo [![Expo on apple store](/docs/component/identity-wallet/apple-store.svg)](https://apps.apple.com/fr/app/expo-client/id982107779 "Open expo on apple store") [![Expo on apple store](/docs/component/identity-wallet/android-store.svg "Open expo on android store")](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=host.exp.exponent&hl=en)

Reviewer 2: maybe use US link instead? [https://apps.apple.com/us/app/expo-client/id982107779]

Author: why US ? this one is without any region :thinking:

Reviewer 2: oh, i thought that the app page itself in english might be understandable, currently is in french.

<img width="768" alt="Screenshot 2020-02-21 at 9 35 13 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4774314/74996091-9844f780-548d-11ea-931d-20cfa3e65301.png">

Author: how come it's in french .....................

Author: oh yeah there is the fr I didnt notice thanks

Author: Changed to https://apps.apple.com/app/expo-client/id982107779 => no lang

> 1. Download Expo [![Expo on apple store](/docs/component/identity-wallet/apple-store.svg)](https://apps.apple.com/fr/app/expo-client/id982107779 "Open expo on apple store") [![Expo on apple store](/docs/component/identity-wallet/android-store.svg "Open expo on android store")](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=host.exp.exponent&hl=en)

Reviewer 3: Download Expo Client app.

Author: done

1. Open Expo and download Identity Wallet app by scanning the following QR Code

> <img src="/docs/component/identity-wallet/identity-wallet-qr-code.png" alt="identity wallet qr code" title="scan the qr code with expo" width="200"/>

Reviewer 3: confuse from here. Can not see any option to scan the QR code in Expo Client app.

Author: Hmmm if I open the app the first thing displayed is "scan qr code" ?

Reviewer 3: I already had expo client app in my mobile. but can not see the option to scan any where. only  the screen shown in the app store and its weird dont even see the plus icon in my app on the top.

Author: Iphone / Android ?

Print screen of what you have ?

Author: ok will keep like this for the moment, until Raymond release on app store =)

> <img src="/img/common/party-popper.png" alt="Congratulations" style="display:inline-block; width: 1.3rem"/> Congratulations, you are now able to use Identity Wallet application.

Reviewer 4: Wanna just use emoji here instead? 🎉

Author: done =)

## Documents

In order to view a document, open Identity Wallet, proceed to the QR Code tab and scan. Some examples are available on [Open Attestation Gallery](http://gallery.openattestation.com/).

In the gallery you will find 2 different kinds of document, viewable and storable:

> - Viewable documents are documents that you can only view in the application. No other action is permitted.

Reviewer 3: don't need documents again. just "Viewable documents are that you can only view in the application"

Author: Is there a missing word ? Doesn't sound valid to me.

I think repetition is fine in this case

Reviewer: In the gallery you will find 2 different kinds of documents, viewable and storable:
- Viewable documents can only be viewed (and not stored) in the application. No other actions are permitted.
- Storable documents can be viewed and stored in the application. Once a document is stored into your wallet you can also share it with others. When you view the document, a QR Code icon will be displayed. Click on it to share your document.

Author: changed

- Storable documents can be viewed and stored in the application. Once a document is stored into your wallet you can also share it with others. When you view the document, a QR Code icon will be displayed. Click on it to share your document.

## Additional information
- Identity Wallet implementation follow our [Universal Actions ADR](https://github.com/Open-Attestation/adr/blob/master/universal_actions.md).

> - Found a bug ? Having a question ? Want to share an idea ? Reach us out on the [Github repository](https://github.com/Open-Attestation/identity-wallet).

Author: ```suggestion
- Found a bug? Have a question? Want to share an idea? Reach us on the [Github repository](https://github.com/Open-Attestation/identity-wallet).
```
